c:\users\mangione\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dictionary\Dictionary\bin\Debug\Dictionary.exe.config
c:\users\mangione\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dictionary\Dictionary\obj\Debug\Views\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\mangione\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dictionary\Dictionary\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\mangione\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dictionary\Dictionary\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\mangione\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dictionary\Dictionary\obj\Debug\Dictionary_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\mangione\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dictionary\Dictionary\obj\Debug\Dictionary_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\mangione\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dictionary\Dictionary\bin\Debug\Dictionary.exe
c:\users\mangione\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dictionary\Dictionary\bin\Debug\Dictionary.pdb
c:\users\mangione\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dictionary\Dictionary\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.dll
c:\users\mangione\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dictionary\Dictionary\bin\Debug\Moq.dll
c:\users\mangione\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dictionary\Dictionary\bin\Debug\SimpleInjector.dll
c:\users\mangione\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dictionary\Dictionary\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.xml
c:\users\mangione\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dictionary\Dictionary\bin\Debug\Moq.xml
c:\users\mangione\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dictionary\Dictionary\bin\Debug\SimpleInjector.xml
c:\users\mangione\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dictionary\Dictionary\obj\Debug\Views\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\mangione\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dictionary\Dictionary\obj\Debug\Dictionary.g.resources
c:\users\mangione\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dictionary\Dictionary\obj\Debug\Dictionary.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\mangione\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dictionary\Dictionary\obj\Debug\Dictionary.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\mangione\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dictionary\Dictionary\obj\Debug\Dictionary.exe
c:\users\mangione\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dictionary\Dictionary\obj\Debug\Dictionary.pdb
c:\users\mangione\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dictionary\Dictionary\obj\Debug\Dictionary.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
